EDU-14042: Add `useScreenResize` to list of experimental hook (#1650)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/customization/building-sections/experimental-exports-hooks-and-components.mdx

|`useProductQuery_unstable`|Retrieves product details.|
|`useProductsPrefetch_unstable`|Preloads product details for a given list of product IDs.|
|`useSearchHistory_unstable`|Accesses the user's search history.|

> | `useScreenResize_unstable` | Adapts the interface to different screen sizes and devices.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`useScreenResize_unstable` | Adapts the interface to different screen sizes and devices.|
```

> | `useScreenResize` | Creates more flexible interfaces that adapt to different screen sizes and devices.|

Author: ```suggestion
| `useScreenResize_unstable` | Creates more flexible interfaces that adapt to different screen sizes and devices.|
```

> | `useScreenResize_unstable` | Creates more flexible interfaces that adapt to different screen sizes and devices.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `useScreenResize_unstable` | Adapts the interface to different screen sizes and devices.|
```
